Tighten webpack rule merge rules to prevent clashes (#376)
seek-oss/playroom: .changeset/nasty-brooms-brush.md

---
'playroom': patch
---

> Tighten webpack config merge rules to prevent clashes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tighten webpack config merge rules to prevent replacing playroom webpack config with user-provided webpack config

When merging user-provided webpack config, a module rule's `test`, `include` and `exclude` property will all be compared.
```
